Update README.md (#77)
vtex-apps/store-icons: docs/README.md

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/vtex-apps/store-icons.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/vtex-apps/store-icons)

> Store Icons are sets of tailored icons for store UI. 
> They are created using SVG fragment identifiers referencing specific parts or elements within an SVG document. This use of SVG fragment identifiers simplifies the process of linking to and emphasizing specific sections or areas within the SVG document, enhancing navigation and interaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Store Icons are sets of tailored icons for store UI. They are created using SVG fragment identifiers referencing specific parts or elements within an SVG document. This use of SVG fragment identifiers simplifies the process of linking to and emphasizing specific sections or areas within the SVG document, enhancing navigation and interaction.
```

> The Store Icons are implemented using SVG fragment identifiers, which reference specific portions or elements within an SVG document. Leveraging SVG fragment identifiers makes linking directly to and highlighting particular sections or areas within the SVG document easier, facilitating navigation and interaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are created using SVG fragment identifiers referencing specific parts or elements within an SVG document. This use of SVG fragment identifiers simplifies the process of linking to and emphasizing specific sections or areas within the SVG document, enhancing navigation and interaction.
```
